refactor(formats): extract formats into separate packages (#1536)
lingui/js-lingui: website/docs/ref/conf.md

Default: `po`

> Format of message catalogs. By default `po` formatter is used. Other formats available as separate packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Message catalog format. The `po` formatter is used by default. Other formats are available as separate packages.
```

```js

> // lingui.config.{js,ts}

Reviewer: please move this comment to a title property of the code block
